added real-client-ip faq (#11663)
kubernetes/ingress-nginx: docs/faq.md

--set controller.electionID=nginx-two-leader \
--set controller.ingressClassResource.name=nginx-two \
--set controller.ingressClass=nginx-two \

> --set controller.inegressClassResource.controllerValue="example.com/ingress-nginx-2" \

Author: removed the e

--set controller.ingressClassResource.enabled=true \
--set controller.ingressClassByName=true
```

> ## Client-IPAddress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Retaining Client IP Address
```

> The goto solution for retaining the real-client-ipaddress is to enable proxy-protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goto solution for retaining the real client IP address is to enable PROXY protocol.
```

Author: changed as suggested

> Enabling proxy-protocol has to be done on both, the ingress-nginx controller, as well as the L4 LoadBalancer, in front of the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling PROXY protocol has to be done on both, the Ingress NGINX Controller, as well as the L4 load balancer in front of the controller.
```

Author: changed as suggested

> The real-client-ipaddress is lost by default, when traffic is forwarded over the network. But enabling proxy-protocol ensures that the connection details are retained and hence the real-client-ip is not lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The real client IP address is lost by default, when traffic is forwarded over the network. Enabling PROXY protocol ensures that the connection details are retained and hence the real client IP doesn't get lost.
```

Author: changed as suggested

> Enabling proxy-protocol on the controller is documented here <https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/configmap/#use-proxy-protocol> .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling PROXY protocol on the controller is documented here: <https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/configmap/#use-proxy-protocol> .
```

> For enabling proxy-protocol on the LoadBalancer, please refer to the documentation of your infrastructure provider because that is where the LB is provisioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For enabling PROXY protocol on the load balancer, please refer to the documentation of the infrastructure provider your load balancer is provisioned at.
```

--set controller.electionID=nginx-two-leader \
--set controller.ingressClassResource.name=nginx-two \
--set controller.ingressClass=nginx-two \
--set controller.inegressClassResource.controllerValue="example.com/ingress-nginx-2" \
--set controller.ingressClassResource.enabled=true \
--set controller.ingressClassByName=true
```

## Client-IPAddress

Question - How to obtain the real-client-ipaddress ?

The goto solution for retaining the real-client-ipaddress is to enable proxy-protocol.

Enabling proxy-protocol has to be done on both, the ingress-nginx controller, as well as the L4 LoadBalancer, in front of the controller.

The real-client-ipaddress is lost by default, when traffic is forwarded over the network. But enabling proxy-protocol ensures that the connection details are retained and hence the real-client-ip is not lost.

> Enabling proxy-protocol on the controller is documented [here](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/configmap/#use-proxy-protocol) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling PROXY protocol on the controller is documented [here](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/configmap/#use-proxy-protocol).
```

For enabling proxy-protocol on the LoadBalancer, please refer to the documentation of your infrastructure provider because that is where the LB is provisioned.

> Some more info available [here](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/miscellaneous/#source-ip-address)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some more info is available [here](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/miscellaneous/#source-ip-address)
```

> Some more info on proxy-protocol is [here](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/miscellaneous/#proxy-protocol)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some more info on PROXY protocol is [here](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/miscellaneous/#proxy-protocol)
```

> ### client-ipaddress on single-node cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Client IP address on single-node cluster
```

> Single node clusters are created for dev & test uses with tools like "kind" or "minikube". A trick to simulate a real use network with these clusters (kind or minikube) is to install Metallb and configure the ipaddress of the kind container or the minikube vm/container, as the starting and ending of the pool for Metallb in L2 mode. Then the host ip becomes a real client ipaddress, for curl requests sent from the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single-node clusters are created for dev & test uses with tools like "kind" or "minikube". A trick to simulate a real use network with these clusters (kind or minikube) is to install Metallb and configure the ipaddress of the kind container or the minikube vm/container, as the starting and ending of the pool for MetalLB in L2 mode. Then the host ip becomes a real client IP address, for cURL requests sent from the host.
```

> After installing ingress-nginx controller on a kind or a minikube cluster with helm, you can configure it for real-client-ip with a simple change to the service that ingress-nginx controller creates. The service object of --type LoadBalancer has a field service.spec.externalTrafficPolicy. If you set the value of this field to "Local" then the real-ipaddress of a client is visible to the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing Ingress NGINX Controller on a kind or a minikube cluster with Helm, you can configure it for real client IP with a simple change to the service that Ingress NGINX Controller creates. The service object of type `LoadBalancer` has a field `.spec.externalTrafficPolicy`. If you set the value of this field to `Local` then the real IP address of a client is visible to the controller.
```

    ExternalIPs, and LoadBalancer IPs). If set to "Local", the proxy will
    configure the service in a way that assumes that external load balancers
    will take care of balancing the service traffic between nodes, and so each
    node will deliver traffic only to the node-local endpoints of the service,
    without masquerading the client source IP. (Traffic mistakenly sent to a
    node with no endpoints will be dropped.) The default value, "Cluster", uses
    the standard behavior of routing to all endpoints evenly (possibly modified
    by topology and other features). Note that traffic sent to an External IP or
    LoadBalancer IP from within the cluster will always get "Cluster" semantics,
    but clients sending to a NodePort from within the cluster may need to take
    traffic policy into account when picking a node.
    
    Possible enum values:
     - `"Cluster"` routes traffic to all endpoints.
     - `"Local"` preserves the source IP of the traffic by routing only to
    endpoints on the same node as the traffic was received on (dropping the
    traffic if there are no local endpoints).
```

> ### client-ipaddress L7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Client IP address L7
```

> The solution is to get the real-client-ipaddress from the HTTP header ["X-Forward-For"](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Forwarded-For)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution is to get the real client IP address from the ["X-Forward-For" HTTP header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Forwarded-For).
```

> If your application pod behind Ingress-Nginx controller, uses Nginx inside it, then you can do the following to preserve the remote client IP. This extracts the real-client-ip from the HTTP headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application pod behind Ingress NGINX Controller, uses NGINX inside it, then you can do the following to preserve the remote client IP. This extracts the real client IP from the HTTP headers.
```

Author: changed as suggested

> - First you need to make sure that the X-Forwarded-For header reaches the backend pod. This is done by using a ingress-nginx conftroller configMap key. Its documented [here](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/configmap/#use-forwarded-headers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First you need to make sure that the X-Forwarded-For header reaches the backend pod. This is done by using an Ingress NGINX Controller ConfigMap key. It's documented [here](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/configmap/#use-forwarded-headers).
```

> - Next, edit nginx.conf file inside your app pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Next, edit `nginx.conf` file inside your app pod:
```
